Add team and royalties guides (#223)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/guides/inviting-member.mdx

- **Collaboration**: Foster a collaborative environment where team members can work together on aspects relevant to their roles.

## Team Roles and Permissions

Below is a table outlining the various roles available in Liteflow and their corresponding permissions. This can help you decide which roles to assign to your team members.

| Role             | Permissions                                           | Best For                              |
| ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| Financial        | Access trade activity and offers on the platform      | Financial oversight and management    |
| Developer        | Create webhooks and custom plugins                    | Technical development and integration |
| Management       | Access and edit collections, drops, assets, and users | Overall platform management           |
| Settings         | Update the settings of the platform                   | Platform configuration                |
| Collection Owner | Set royalties for the collection they own             | Managing individual collections       |

> ![Team Member Roles](/mnt/data/Screenshot 2024-02-07 at 14.58.52.png)

Reviewer: screenshot not displayed on the doc

> ## Inviting a Team Member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps to Invite a Team Member
```

> <Callout type="warning">

Reviewer: Replace warning by info box, as this content is purely informative

  By carefully selecting roles for each team member, you ensure that everyone
  has the access they need to perform their duties without compromising the
  security and integrity of the platform.
</Callout>

To invite a new team member:

<Steps>

### Go to Team Management

> Navigate to the 'Team' section on the Liteflow dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the '[Team](https://dashboard.liteflow.com/settings/team)' section on the Liteflow dashboard.
```

### Add a Member

Click the "+ Add member" button to start the invitation process.

### Enter Details

In the 'Add an admin' dialog, enter the wallet address and email of the team member you are inviting.

### Assign Roles

Check the appropriate roles based on the permissions you wish to grant to the new member.

> ### Send Invitation

Reviewer: We are missing the last part that is: from the user invited what do they receive and how?

From the flow I understand what I'm doing as a platform manager by inviting someone, but currently I have no idea how the invitation looks like, how it will be send, etc

Missing end flow (cf comment from Hodooi on Royalties that is similar)

Author: I added a section in the last step [9575fe9](https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/pull/223/commits/9575fe9a902dae797cf5614fda0b19da0a30f3a5)
